More feedback:

1. Can you change it so that the admin panel in the "approved users" section, allows the admin to revoke approvals and click on the profile of that account to view its information - e.g posted competitions, list of gymnasts assigned to it (if its a club account), recent activity on the site.
2. Clicking sign out brings you to a 404 page (sometimes, maybe look into this and investigate)
3. In the gymnast account, the club affiliation section does not update to display new clubs. I made a club account and approved it, however it does not show up in the gymnast club affiliation sign up menu. Also, can you allow the dropdown club selection box to also be type-able? I want users to have the ability to start typing for their club, and it filters the dropdown box. 
4. The event current sessions are not able to be clicked on, they still display "not started". In the event create menu, you can specify a date for each session, however the sessions themselves do not display the date that they are assigned. I created 2 sessions, one for today and one for tomorrow with the times on both being 0:00 - 23:59 however in the judge account, I cannot edit them. Just double check the code, and if I am wrong, let me know. The events should be saved in the database somewhere. Just make sure the sessions panel displays their dates, and the event panel displays the length of the event. For example, if there is 2 sessions starting on 1/01/2025 and going to 5/01/2025, display 1/01/2025 - 5/01/2025 on the event panel and the assigned date on the session panel (1/01/2025, 2/01/2025, etc)
5. Judges should be allowed to edit sessions results after they have occurred to correct errors that might have been made.
6. The search bar still does not work with people. It should not just work for gymnasts, but for judges and everyone. It should display their profile - name, recent activity (as in competitions attended, etc) and if they are a gymnast it should display their all their scores, categorised by event, categorised by session, listed by apparatus. 